`Fab` prop deprecation (#1717)
iTwin/stratakit: apps/website/src/content/docs/components/mui/Fab.md

## StrataKit MUI modifications

> - The `disableFocusRipple` and `disableRipple` props are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `disableRipple`, `disableFocusRipple` and `disableTouchRipple` props are not supported.
```

Author: How the heck did I make this mistake. 😅 Thank you.

> - The `disableRipple`, `disableFocusRipple` and `disableTouchRipple` props are not supported.

Reviewer 2: Wording from https://github.com/iTwin/stratakit/pull/1701

```suggestion 
- Ripple effect removed. The `centerRipple`, `disableRipple`, `disableTouchRipple`, `focusRipple`, `TouchRippleProps` and `touchRippleRef` props are not supported.
- The `action` prop is not supported.
```
